Intro to css values (#44937)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/image-resolution/index.md

### Values

> This property is specified as the `from-image` keyword, a `<resolution>`, or both, space-separated, optionally with the `snap` keyword:

Reviewer: this can probably be simplified to:

```suggestion
This property is specified as one or more space-separated values from the following list:
```
